[Music]
come aboard the wave 58 catamaran this
is a great big sailing cat with a nicely
elevated centerline helm
now the nice thing about this is you can
actually see better to the four corners
and on both Chatham rounds you can see
underneath there the first two to four
recorders and then you've got good
access to the winches here and a
functional console with everything on it
down below it's actually pretty unique
and that's because this is a semi custom
vessel whether it's for private
ownership or for charter and what I like
is that this area out of path is
dedicated to the galley and this area
over here is a salon so it's very much
open living like at home
this charter configuration has four
cabins plus crew quarters and the reason
we have that much space below is because
of the hull shape their narrow below the
waterline for performance and then wide
for good interior volume and they're
also rounded with tumblehome for
aerodynamics you're looking for
something different other ways 58 is
built in Poland and needs to take a look
OD insurance a key knighted marine
underwriters were simply the best at
what we do just boat insurance we offer
comprehensive insurance coverage for all
your boating needs boat insurance quotes
on your screen in 90 seconds United
marine underwriters